1. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Product use issue" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (SEASONAL) (FLUCELVAX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 57 total reports.
2. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Multiple use of single-use product" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (SEASONAL) (AFLURIA)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 49 total reports.
3. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Product use issue" for vaccine "HPV (CERVARIX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 22 total reports.
4. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Cow pox" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (DRYVAX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 125 total reports.
5. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Product administered to patient of inappropriate age" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (SEASONAL) (FLUBLOK QUADRIVALENT)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 141 total reports.
6. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Pericardial disease" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 64 total reports.
7. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Gastrointestinal haemorrhage" for vaccine "ROTAVIRUS (ROTASHIELD)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 94 total reports.
8. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Incorrect product formulation administered" for vaccine "MENINGOCOCCAL CONJUGATE (MENVEO)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 204 total reports.
9. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Troponin I increased" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 161 total reports.
10. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Drug administered to patient of inappropriate age" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (SEASONAL) (FLUCELVAX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 350 total reports.
11. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Human papilloma virus test positive" for vaccine "HPV (GARDASIL)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 228 total reports.
12. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "HIV antigen negative" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (SEASONAL) (AFLURIA)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 48 total reports.
13. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Troponin I" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 89 total reports.
14. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Smear cervix abnormal" for vaccine "HPV (GARDASIL)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 388 total reports.
15. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Product reconstitution issue" for vaccine "MENINGOCOCCAL CONJUGATE (MENVEO)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 39 total reports.
16. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Orthopoxvirus test positive" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 15 total reports.
17. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Cervical dysplasia" for vaccine "HPV (GARDASIL)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 127 total reports.
18. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Borrelia burgdorferi serology positive" for vaccine "LYME (LYMERIX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 17 total reports.
19. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Infection parasitic" for vaccine "LYME (LYMERIX)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 19 total reports.
20. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Colposcopy" for vaccine "HPV (GARDASIL)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 45 total reports.
21. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Contraindication to vaccination" for vaccine "INFLUENZA (H1N1) (H1N1 (MONOVALENT) (MEDIMMUNE))" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 96 total reports.
22. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Post-tussive vomiting" for vaccine "DTAP + IPV + HIB (PENTACEL)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 109 total reports.
23. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Generalised vaccinia" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 20 total reports.
24. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Vaccinia virus infection" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 21 total reports.
25. After aggregating multiple ranks of the detected signals, the reporting of the adverse reaction "Echocardiogram normal" for vaccine "SMALLPOX (ACAM2000)" is disproportionately high compared to this same event for all other vaccines, with 132 total reports.
